Stop
Madam, is there anything to hide from the project?
Could it be a love letter from some young master?
No.
Could it be that the lady has contracted some serious disease?
If you want to steal the things in the mansion, just take them out
Oops no no
Hey, Xiao Chen.
Come here what's the matter ma'am
Hi what's this
I speak for my wife
Your Highness, don't ask
Madam, it's the moon
I have the menstrual department in my hand
Ha ha.
It turned out to be an aunt, ma'am, this kind of thing is too normal
What's there to be shy about?
Wait a minute
I'll ask Xiaochen to buy you some period towels.
Damn aunt towel
Yes, aunt towel.
Madam, your menstrual period is so wonderful
You are my lucky star
I'm busy today
Don't want the chairperson?
Xiao Chen, go and hire a imperial doctor
Your highness
Empty brain
I don't think so either.